README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Shohini Rhea Sarkar

I'm a Computer Science undergraduate at the University of Maryland (B.S. in Machine Learning, expected May 2027),
with a strong interest in AI research

My work has focused on applying machine learning to complex domains, including neuroscience,
satellite systems, and astrophysics

### Research & Technical Interests
- Machine learning for scientific and physical systems
- Time-series modeling and signal processing
- Uncertainty, robustness, and model evaluation
- Neural and satellite data analysis

### Experience Highlights
- **AI/ML Research Intern — Army Research Laboratory (via University of Maryland)**  
  Built ML pipelines for detecting and interpreting neural activity in two-photon calcium imaging data,
  with a focus on peak detection, noise, and high-dimensional time series.

- **Machine Learning Technical Lead — Amazon Project Kuiper (UMD App Dev Club)**  
  Led model development and feature engineering for satellite state classification and clutter height
  prediction, improving system performance and coordinating a 10+ person engineering team.

- **AI Research Intern — UChicago Data Science Institute / Fermi National Laboratory**  
  Developed reinforcement learning agents to optimize telescope positioning under a constrained environment.

- **Research Intern — Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory**  
  Worked on quantum simulation and error correction for drug discovery applications.

### Tools & Skills
Python, Java, C/C++  
scikit-learn, TensorFlow, NumPy, Pandas, CaImAn  
Jupyter, Google Colab, ML pipelines

📫 Email: ssarkar6@terpmail.umd.edu  
🌐 Portfolio: WIP

Commit message:

Revise README with updated interests and experiences
Updated research interests and experience highlights in README.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Shohini Rhea Sarkar

I'm a Computer Science undergraduate at the University of Maryland (B.S. in Machine Learning, expected May 2027),
with a strong interest in AI research

My work has focused on applying machine learning to complex domains, including neuroscience,
astrophysics, satellite systems, and biology

### Research & Technical Interests
- Foundational machine learning research
- Applied AI in scientific domains
- Bio-inspired computing
- Quantum computing

### Experience Highlights
- **AI/ML Research Intern — Army Research Laboratory (via University of Maryland)**  
  Built pipelines utilizing ML for detecting and interpreting neural activity in two-photon calcium imaging data,
  with a focus on peak detection, and data denoising
  Created a novel software pipeline to extract and process astrocytic signaling from astrocyte & neuron experimental videos
  Converted & cleaned over 2TB of calcium imaging data under injury conditions

- **Machine Learning Technical Lead — Amazon Project Leo collaboration with UMD App Dev Club**
  Worked on projects to **detect satellite state changes** & **anomalous satellite behavior** from satellite time-series data,
 **infer clutter height** & signal obfuscation from open-source data to **determine optimal**, clutter-free **locations for satellite
  gateways**, and identify airport boundaries from scraped satellite imagery given a coordinate
  Led model development and feature engineering, improving system performance and coordinating a 10+ person engineering team.

- **AI Research Intern — UChicago Data Science Institute / Fermi National Laboratory**  
  Developed reinforcement learning agents to optimize telescope positioning under a constrained environment.

- **Research Intern — Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory**  
  Worked on quantum simulation and error correction for drug discovery applications.

### Tools & Skills
Python, Java, C/C++  
scikit-learn, TensorFlow, NumPy, Pandas, CaImAn  
Jupyter, Google Colab, ML pipelines

📫 Email: ssarkar6@terpmail.umd.edu  
🌐 Portfolio: WIP
